Bouncer
Individual and Entity Contributor License Agreement

Thank you for your interest in contributing to software projects managed by Bouncer Technologies,
Inc. (“We”, “Us” or “Our”). This Contributor License Agreement (“Agreement”) documents the rights
granted by contributors to Us. This Agreement is for your protection as a contributor as well as for
our protection; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.
To make this document effective, please read the Agreement carefully and then (i) sign it and send
it to Us by email (PDF) at [insert email address] or (ii) submit it to us electronically, in either
case by following the instructions at [insert hyperlink]. By signing this Agreement (including by
clicking “I agree” and submitting it to us electronically), You are creating a legally binding
contract. If You are less than eighteen years old, please have Your parents or guardian sign the
Agreement. This Agreement covers all future Contributions from You, and may cover more than one
software project managed by Us.

1. Definitions
--------------
“Affiliates” means other Legal Entities that control, are controlled by, or under common control
with that Legal Entity. For the purposes of this definition, “control” means (i) the power, direct
or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such Legal Entity, whether by contract or
otherwise, (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or securities
which vote to elect the management or other persons who direct such Legal Entity or (iii) beneficial
ownership of such entity.

“Contribution” means any work of authorship that is Submitted by You to Us in which You own or
assert ownership of the Copyright. By Submitting any Contribution, you represent that You own the
Copyright in the entire work of authorship, or that you otherwise are legally entitled to Submit the
Contribution and to grant the licenses in this Agreement.

“Copyright” means all rights protecting works of authorship owned or controlled by You or your
Affiliates (as may be applicable), including copyright, moral and related (or neighboring) rights,
as appropriate, for the full term of their existence, including any extensions by You.

“Effective Date” means the date You execute this Agreement or the date You first Submit a
Contribution to Us, whichever is earlier.

“Legal Entity” means an entity which is not a natural person.

“Material” means the work of authorship which is made available by Us to third parties. When this
Agreement covers more than one software project, the Material means the work of authorship to which
the Contribution was Submitted. After You Submit the Contribution, it may be included in the
Material.

“Media” means any portion of a Contribution which is not software.

“Submit” means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Us or our
representatives at a destination (including websites) that we own or control or that is otherwise
registered to us, including but not limited to electronic mailing lists, source code control
systems, instant messages or similar communications, and issue tracking systems that are managed by,
or on behalf of, Us for the purpose of discussing and improving the Material, but excluding any
communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as “Not a
Contribution.”

“Submission Date” means the date on which You Submit a Contribution to Us.

“You” (entity). If You are an individual acting on your own behalf, then “You” means the individual
who Submits a Contribution to Us.

“You” (individual). If You are Submitting any Contribution on behalf of any entity, then “You” means
the Legal Entity on behalf of whom you Submit a Contribution to Us.


2. Grant of Rights
------------------
2.1 Copyright License
(a) Except for the license granted to Us in this Agreement, You reserve all right, title, and
interest in and to Your Contributions. That means that you can keep doing whatever you want with
your Contribution, and you can license it to anyone you want under any terms you want.

(b) To the maximum extent permitted by the relevant law, You grant to Us a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, transferable, no charge and royalty-free, irrevocable license under the Copyright
covering the Contribution, with the right to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of
sublicensees, to reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Contribution as
part of the Material; provided that this license is subject to Section 2.3.

2.2 Patent License
For patent claims including, without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims which You (or
your Affiliates, as may be applicable) own, control or have the right to grant, now or in the
future, You grant to Us a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, no charge and royalty-
free, irrevocable patent license, with the right to sublicense these rights to multiple tiers of
sublicensees, to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise transfer the
Contribution (and the Contribution in combination with the Material, and portions of such
combination). This license is granted only to the extent that the exercise of the licensed rights
infringes such patent claims; and is subject to Section 2.3. If any person institutes patent
litigation against Contributor or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a
lawsuit) alleging that the Contributions, or the Project to which the Contributions were submitted,
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted under this
Agreement for that Contribution to the person or entity instituting the litigation, or the Project
to which the Contributions were submitted, shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

2.3 Outbound License
Based on the grant of rights in Sections 2.1 (meaning, no matter what, you can keep licensing your
Contribution to others however you want) and 2.2, if We include Your Contribution in any Material,
and if We determine that it is appropriate for the purpose of commercializing any Material or any
project under Our control, we may license the Contribution under any license, including copyleft,
permissive, commercial, or proprietary licenses.

2.4 Moral Rights.
We agree to comply with applicable laws regarding your Contribution, including copyright laws and
law related to moral rights. If moral rights apply to the Contribution, to the maximum extent
permitted by law, You waive and agree not to assert such moral rights against Us or our successors
in interest, or any of our licensees, either direct or indirect.

2.5 Our Rights.
You acknowledge that We are not obligated to use Your Contribution as part of any Material, and that
we and may decide to include any Contribution We consider appropriate.

2.6 Reservation of Rights.
Any rights in Your Contribution not expressly licensed under this Agreement are expressly reserved
by You.

3. Agreement.
-------------
You confirm that:

(a) You have the legal authority to enter into this Agreement. If your employer(s) has rights to
intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have
received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, and that your employer has
waived such rights for your Contributions to Us.

(b) You (or your Affiliates, as may be applicable) own or otherwise have the legal right to license
the Copyright and patent claims covering the Contribution which are required to grant the rights
under Section 2.

(c) The grant of rights under Section 2 does not violate any grant of rights which You (or your
Affiliates, as may be applicable) have made to third parties, including Your employer.

(d)  You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original work. You represent that Your
Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction
(including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware
and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.

(e) You agree to notify Us of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make
these representations inaccurate in any respect.

4. Disclaimer
-------------
EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN SECTION 3, THE CONTRIBUTION IS PROVIDED "AS IS". YOU EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH
WARRANTIES CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED, SUCH WARRANTY IS LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE MINIMUM PERIOD
PERMITTED BY LAW.

5. Consequential Damage Waiver
------------------------------
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL YOU OR WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS
OF PROFITS, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF DATA, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL
AND EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY
(CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED.

6. Miscellaneous
----------------
6.1 This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
California, without regard to conflicts of law provisions. The sole venue for all disputes relating
to this Agreement shall be in Alameda County, California. The rights and obligations of the parties
under this Agreement shall not be governed by the 1980 U.N. Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods.

6.2 This Agreement may be amended only by a written document signed by the party against whom
enforcement is sought.

6.3 The failure of either party to require performance by the other party of any provision of this
Agreement in one situation shall not affect the right of a party to require such performance at any
time in the future. A waiver of performance under a provision in one situation shall not be
considered a waiver of the performance of the provision in the future or a waiver of the provision
in its entirety.

6.4 If any provision of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, such provision will be
replaced to the extent possible with a provision that comes closest to the meaning of the original
provision and which is enforceable. The terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement shall apply
notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of this Agreement or any limited remedy to the
maximum extent possible under law.

This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties regarding the subject matter of this
Agreement and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous negotiations and agreements, whether written
or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.

By signing below, Contributor accepts and agrees to the preceding terms and conditions for
Contributor’s present and future Contributions submitted to Us.


________________________________________
Signature

________________________________________
Contributor Name

________________________________________
Legal Entity Name (if applicable)

________________________________________
Contributor Address

________________________________________
Title

________________________________________
Contributor Address

________________________________________
Email

________________________________________
Telephone

________________________________________
Date
